(background TV chatter)
(remote clicking)
(fire sizzling)
("Santeria")
♪♪♪
♪ I don't practice Santeria ♪
♪ I ain't got no
crystal ball ♪
♪ Well, I had
a million dollars ♪
♪ But I, I'd spend it all ♪
♪ If I could find that Heina ♪
♪ And that Sancho
that she's found ♪
♪ Well, I'd pop a cap in
Sancho and I'd slap her down ♪
♪ What I really wanna
know, my baby, hmm hmm ♪
say I can't define ♪
♪ Well, it's love,
that I need, oh ♪
♪ My soul will have to
wait till I get back ♪
♪ To find a Heina of my own ♪
♪ Daddy's gonna
love one and all ♪
♪ I feel the break, feel
the break, feel the break ♪
♪ And I gotta live it up ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, huh ♪
♪ Well, I swear that I ♪
♪ What I really
wanna know, ah baby ♪
♪ What I really wanna
say I can't define ♪
♪ Got love make it go ♪
♪ My soul will have to ♪
(bright music)
♪ Oh ♪
♪ What I really
wanna say, my baby ♪
♪ What I really wanna
say is I've got mine ♪
♪ And I'll make it,
oh yes I'm coming up ♪
♪ Tell Sanchito that if he
knows what is good for him ♪
♪ He best go run and hide ♪
♪ Daddy's got a new 45 ♪
♪ And I won't think twice ♪
♪ To stick that barrel
straight down ♪
♪ Sancho's throat ♪
♪ Believe me when I say ♪
♪ That I got somethin'
for his punk ass ♪
♪ What I really
wanna know, my baby ♪
♪ Oh, what I
really wanna say ♪
♪ Is there's just one, way
back, and I'll make it, yeah ♪
♪ My soul will have to
wait, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪♪♪